#Requirement
##Introduction                                                                                                                                                                  Employee Record System is software designed to manage a company's primary housekeeping responsibilities. ERS assists businesses in keeping track of all personnel and their data. It's utilised to run the business with the help of a computerised system. This software was created to manage the records of any company's employees. It will assist businesses in keeping track of all of their employees' records in a single file. Employee Record System is software designed to manage a company's primary housekeeping responsibilities. ERS assists businesses in keeping track of all personnel and their data. It's utilised to run the business with the help of a computerised system. This software was created to manage the records of any company's employees.It will assist businesses in keeping track of all of their employees' records in a single file.You can list the employees' records here, but you can't search them like you can in other C projects. Try changing this project and implementing the search feature with your own code. This project is finished and free of errors.                                                                                                                                                                            Aim of the Employee’s Record System: The user will be provided with 5 options Add a
new record.
Delete a record.
Modify a record.
View all the records.
Exit.                                                                                                                                                                            Data of the Employees:Name,Age,Salary,Employee ID.
##Research.
The problem definition for developing the system is to keep employee data, make employee management easy, split jobs and control employee access, and use technology for accurate and quick processing while maintaining full privacy and authority access. The project's goal is to create an employee information system that tracks employee status, attendance, and the monthly salary process and delivery. To eliminate or diminish the disadvantages of the current system as much as feasible, and to avoid data entry errors.In existing method employee management are employeerecord are maintaining in records. It’s a manual process.Complicated to search the employee salaryNeeds for extra manual effort.In existing system is standalone process normal employee cannot track their employee status.Less Accuracy Danger of losing some files. Certain required report is not available Timeconsuming process.
##SWOT ANALYSIS.
 All functions will be available in switch scenarios. The objective is to use File Handling techniques to write data to a text file and to read the data as well. In the same folder, we must also include a data.txt file.
